{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22920\viewh20460\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 IRIS Hot Pixel Calibration notes\
BACKGROUND:\
The IRIS CCD has many pixels that are noticeably \'91hot\'92, or consistently brighter than the surrounding pixels. Looking at the data, it seems that there are an increasing number of bright pixels. We set out to determine how many pixels are affected, how serious the damage of those pixels is, how the number of affected pixels changes with time, and finally whether the pixels can be corrected. Several codes have been developed for this end. Their use is documented below.\
\
PROGRAMS NEEDED:\
do_lev1to0_darks.pro\
iris_lev120_darks.pro\
hot_pixel_plot_wrapper.pro\
iris_heat_map2.pro\
get_hot_pix2.pro\
median_data_by_month.pro\
median_index_by_month.pro\
despike_data.pro\
get_uniform_struct.pro\
hot_pixel_trend_plots.pro\
\
DATA:\
The data used for all calculations comes from the simpleB dark calibrations performed by IRIS on a ~monthly basis. Only the 0s and 30s exposure times are considered here. To stay consistent with previous dark analysis, we make use of only the level0 data, which is back-calculated from the level1 data. \
\
\
HOT PIXEL COUNTS:\
\
The program hot_pixel_plot_wrapper will automatically call all of the other programs you need. If you are running it by default, you don\'92t need to call any keywords. It is setup to run correctly from run_dark_checks.csh. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 IRIS_heat_map2 updates the existing save files that have information about the number of hot pixels for each exposure time, both as a raw number (hot_pix_by_month_30s) and a percent (norm_hot_pix_by_month_30s). It also contains an array with the median data values by month for each exposure (median_data_by_month_30s). \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
This will call get_hot_pix2, which is the work horse that actually calculates the number of times each pixel is hot. It returns an array where each pixel gives a total count for times in the given calibration sequence the pixel at that location was considered \'91hot\'92. If the value at that pixel is 0, that pixel\'92s value was always within the sigma provided. If the pixel value is 1 or 2, it was probably due to a cosmic ray hit. If the value is >2, we define it as a hot pixel. Note that the highest value can change by month. For the dark calibration sequence, there are usually ~11 images of each exposure time, but time constraints can vary that number, so it may be better to think of the value as a percent. i.e. if the value is 3 and there were 11 total images, that pixel was hot 27% of the time. \
\
The program get_uniform_struct is important. The old level1 files and the new ones have different keywords that don\'92t play well together. I made a new structure using only keywords I use that avoids the problem. If you decide to change things in a way that needs different keywords, you will have to update this file so those keywords are saved. \
\
PLOTTING:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 hot_pixel_trend_plots, restores the files with the naming convention \'91NEW_port1_FUV_hot_pixel_counts_2015.sav\'92 (generated with IRIS_heat_map2.pro) and then plots them for each percent cutoff, meaning the percentage of time a pixel must be flagged in a given month to be called hot. The decided upon cutoffs we are tracking are 10%, 50%, and 90%.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
MAKING THE PLOTS ACCESSIBLE TO LMSAL\
\
Once the plots are made, they need to be moved to a folder reachable to the outside world. This is because Lockheed will take the plots and put them on the iris webpage on the 16th of every month. \
\
The plots must be put into the directory (at SAO)\
kurasuta-0-0:/var/www/projects/IRIS/public_html/IRIS_plots/\
\
To be hosted at:\
http://helio.cfa.harvard.edu/IRIS/IRIS_plots/\
\
If at a different institution, you will need to determine where to host these files for IRIS to grab. \
\
Once Lockheed has put them on the IRIS health and safety page, you can view them here: http://iris.lmsal.com/health-safety/longtermtrending/in_other.html  
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \
}